    After installation all requirements,you can run the main file
Main file calls CreateModel function and predictModel function
            createModel function
1. Code calls function createModel, this function download, alredy created Keras Model named, VGG16, after this code creates the Sequential model, which was imported from Keras library, then code copies all layers from VGG16 model and set them to non_trainable, so that when we will train our model, code will only need to train our 2 layers, which I will discuss soon.
2. When the all layers were copied and set to non-trainable, code adds 2 layers called 'Dense', it is the most typical layer that exist in library Keras, parameters, which were given to class Dense, units - with ship and without_ship, activation - activation function Softmax. Softmax it is function which converts the values of vector to values from [0,1].
3. Next line of the code compile the model with optimizer Adam, loss value and metrics. Adam optimization is a stochastic gradient descent method that is based on adaptive estimation of first-order and second-order moments. Code gives optimizer learning_rate equal 0.0001. Loss value is categorical_crossentropy this means that this function count the loss between prediction and given label. Metrics it is just in what way we will estimate results of our model.
4. If you passed to function fit parameter equal true, this means that function will need to train again.
            FitModel function
1. This func calls anothore function ,prepareData, which determine 3 variables trainpath,valid_path,test_path. Then code set them equal to ImageDataGenerate, this class will convert our images to data, which receives Keras model. After getting data, we fit our model by calling function 'fit' from library Keras, giving it our train_batches,valid_batches, amount of epochs, epoch is the amount of times our model will learn our dataset, and verbose equal 0 just means that accuracy on each epoch will not show, and then save model to directory 'model_saves'.
            clearModelsPredictionsDirectory function
1. This function delete all files from 'models_predictions' directory, it uses popular libraries like os, shutil. This function just calls another function and in which is find all files and then delete them.
            predictModel function
1. Function gets already compiled and trained model, also function receives paths to images that need to be predicted. Received path code converts to array and then this array converts to array that our model could receive. Then calls model's function predict, gives our 'img_array' and verbose.If the first element of model's prediction array bigger than second, model thinks that this image without ship, in opposite case this image with ship and returns the predictions. After each prediction code copy this image to corresponding folder in directory 'models_predictions'.
